Vault documentation: release notes for 1.11.0 (#16005)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/release-notes/1.11.0.mdx

### Dynamic Kubernetes service account secrets

Kubernetes service accounts must be manually generated and passed to a Kubernetes configuration file or the command line using a CLI tool such as kubectl to interact with Kubernetes clusters. With this method, service account credentials, which contain static secrets, can be exposed and would require a periodic manual rotation. To address this issue, we now support generating short-lived dynamic service accounts and associate role bindings to specific Kubernetes namespaces. For more information, refer to the [Kubernetes Auth Method](/docs/auth/kubernetes) and [Kubernetes Auth Method (API)](/api-docs/auth/kubernetes) documentation.

### New KV secrets engine (v2) utilities

> The KV (v2) secrets engine now includes a set of utilities and enhancements for easier retrieval of key-value secrets and metadata.  This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KV version 2 secrets engine now includes a set of utilities and enhancements for easier retrieval of key-value secrets and metadata. This includes:
```

* New optional Vault CLI mount flag (`vault kv get -mount=secret foo`).

> * New flag to output a sample policy in HCL for any Vault CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New flag to output a sample policy in HCL (`-output-policy`) for any Vault CLI command.
```

### Improved CA Rotation

PKI secrets engine users have sought a way to rotate root or intermediate CAs without causing service interruptions to any entities referencing them. Vault can now create the newly rotated PKI key pairs for servicing new certificates at the same path as the pre-existing keypair. This allows operators to gradually transition entities over to the new root certificate while the old is still active.

### Client Cont tooling improvements

We have made the following improvements to the Client Count tooling:

* Provide the ability to export the unique clients that contribute to the client count aggregate for the selected billing period via a new [activity export API endpoint](/api-docs/system/internal-counters#activity-export). This feature is available in tech preview mode.
* Provide the ability to view changes to client counts month over month in the UI.

### MFA Enhancements

> We introduced Login MFA support for Vault OSS customers in the previous release. In this release, we included additional enhancements to the Login MFA feature by introducing the ability to configure Login MFA via the UI and providing an enhanced TOTP configuration experience via the QR code scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault 1.10 introduced [Login MFA](/docs/auth/login-mfa) support for Vault OSS. In this release, we included additional enhancements to the Login MFA feature by introducing the ability to configure Login MFA via the UI and providing an enhanced TOTP configuration experience via the QR code scan.
```

### Vault Agent: Support for using an existing valid certificate upon re-authentication

> Enhancements have been made to the Vault agent to support the parsing of a certificate that's been fetched. A new certificate will only be fetched upon a re-authentication if the certificate's lifetime has expired. This enhancement drastically reduces the resource overhead that Vault agent users often experience due to over-fetching certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhancements have been made to the Vault Agent to support the parsing of a certificate that's been fetched. A new certificate will only be fetched upon a re-authentication if the certificate's lifetime has expired. This enhancement drastically reduces the resource overhead that Vault Agent users often experience due to over-fetching certificates.
```
